yeah
right there right
my sister Joy's and myself we're
driving to the park hoping that
the elephants here won't try to
hit us
oh look at the size of this
we're trying to show these
elephants that humans that come
in vehicles these days are not
here to hurt them
the reason to do this is because
yours are going to run into this
situation too and more time this
guy spends around cars
the more relax he'll be
he's friendly he's not gonna
find my keys and lost now
we have to be ready to run away
ready everybody well he looks
pretty down serious I don't like
me in a place where i cannot and
go to power walk already
we have to be extremely careful
but at the same time I'm trying
to get these amazing shots but
when they come they can really
just home
I know he's leaving in the end
he's not interested in that
yeah i think it's called he's
interested in finding his ladies
he's quite sad
I don't think I'll ever get used
to putting my finger up a water
bucks - all right buddy
she's when you get a pickle
sample you don't mess around
just want to be as thorough as
possible